Add docs to a separate PR for review (#5153)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/conceptual/knobs.rst

- ``global.workspace_size_limit``: Set the maximum workspace memory.

Custom knobs
------------

Custom knobs are engine-specific or plugin-specific parameters. Plugin developers can register custom knobs to expose their own tuning parameters.
These knobs use the namespace prefix: ``<plugin>.*`` or ``<plugin>.<operation>.*``. They configure engine-specific behavior, they're defined by plugin developers, and they extend hipDNN functionality for specific use cases.

**Examples**:

- ``miopen.conv.tile_size``: Set the convolution tile size for MIOpen.
- ``rocblas.gemm.algo``: Select the GEMM algorithm for ROCm BLAS.

Naming conventions
==================

Knobs follow a hierarchical naming scheme to avoid conflicts and improve organization: ``<namespace>.<category>.<knob_name>``.

Global namespace (reserved):

.. code::

  global.benchmarking
  global.workspace_size_limit
  global.deterministic

Plugin-specific namespace:

.. code::

  miopen.conv.tile_size
  rocblas.gemm.transpose_algorithm
  custom_plugin.matmul.block_size

.. important::

  The ``global.*`` namespace is reserved for standard knobs. Custom plugins can't register knobs in this namespace.

> Query available knobs

Reviewer: It appears that the remaining content in this document is very similar to the content in the how-to/get-set-engine-knob.rst file and can be moved to that file instead of here as this content is "how-to" content and not conceptual.

Can add a reference so the user knows they can go to that document for more details.

Author: Good catch. Moved.

=====================

> You can discover what knobs an engine supports and their constraints using the hipDNN frontend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the hipDNN frontend to discover what knobs an engine supports and their constraints.
```

          std::cout << "Knob ID: " << knob.knobId() << "\n";
          std::cout << "Description: " << knob.description() << "\n";
          std::cout << "Type: " << static_cast<int>(knob.valueType()) << "\n";

          // Access default value (it's a variant)
          const auto& defaultVal = knob.defaultValue();
          if (std::holds_alternative<int64_t>(defaultVal)) {
              std::cout << "Default: " << std::get<int64_t>(defaultVal) << "\n";
          } else if (std::holds_alternative<double>(defaultVal)) {
              std::cout << "Default: " << std::get<double>(defaultVal) << "\n";
          } else if (std::holds_alternative<std::string>(defaultVal)) {
              std::cout << "Default: " << std::get<std::string>(defaultVal) << "\n";
          }

          // Check constraints
          const IConstraint* constraint = knob.constraint();
          if (constraint) {
              std::cout << "Constraint: " << constraint->toString() << "\n";
          }

          std::cout << "---\n";
      }
  } else {
      std::cerr << "Error getting knobs: " << error.get_message() << "\n";
  }

Use the knob lookup map
=======================

> Use the lookup method to access the know ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the lookup method to access the knob ID:
```

  KnobSetting stringSetting("test.knob", std::string("val")); // string

  // You can also update values later
  intSetting.setValue(100);

Use the default knob values
===========================

If you don't specify a knob setting, the engine will use the default value defined by the knob. To explicitly use defaults for all knobs:

.. code:: cpp

  // Option 1: Don't specify any settings (simplest)
  auto error = graph.create_execution_plan_ext(engineId, {});

  // Option 2: Specify only the knobs you want to customize
  std::vector<KnobSetting> settings;
  settings.emplace_back("global.benchmarking", 1);  // Only customize this one
  auto error = graph.create_execution_plan_ext(engineId, settings);

.. note::

  - All knob settings are validated against their constraints when creating an execution plan. Invalid values will result in an error with a descriptive message.
  - If you specify a knob that doesn't exist for the engine, hipDNN will log a warning but continue. This allows forward compatibility when new knobs are added.
  - If a knob is marked as deprecated, hipDNN will log a warning when you use it, but the knob will still function normally.

> Standard global knobs

Reviewer: This section can remain here (does not move to how-to document).

=====================

> These are the global knobs are available in hipDNN:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the global knobs available in hipDNN:
```

.. list-table::
   :widths: 3 3 3 5
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Knob
     - Type
     - Default
     - Description
   * - ``global.benchmarking``
     - Integer (int64)
     - 0 (disabled)
     - Enable benchmarking mode for kernel selection. When enabled, engines may run multiple kernel variants and select the fastest. First run may be slower due to benchmarking overhead.

> 

Reviewer: ```
* - ``global.workspace_size_limit``
  - Integer (int64)
  - The maximum size needed for optimal performance.
  - Limits the maximum workspace memory that solvers can use for convolution operations (Forward, Backward Data, Backward Weights). Refer to the plugin-specific ``Operation support`` document for specific details.
```

.. note::

  Additional global knobs may be available depending on the engine. Use ``get_knobs_for_engine()`` to discover all available knobs for a specific engine.

> Provider-specific knobs

Reviewer: This section can also remain here (does not move to how-to document).

=======================

Different engine providers may expose their own custom knobs. Refer to the provider-specific documentation for details:

- :ref:`miopen`
- :ref:`hipblaslt`

.. tip::

  When developing with multiple providers, use ``get_knobs_for_engine()`` to programmatically discover available knobs rather than hard-coding knob names.

> API reference

Reviewer: This should be moved to the API reference section, and link to that section added here.

Author: Done

Graph methods
-------------

**Querying knobs**:

.. code:: cpp

  Error get_knobs_for_engine(int64_t engineId, std::vector<Knob>& knobs) const;
  Error get_knob_lookup_for_engine(int64_t engineId, std::unordered_map<std::string, Knob>& knobs) const;

**Setting knobs**:

.. code:: cpp

  Error create_execution_plan_ext(int64_t engineId, const std::vector<KnobSetting>& settings);

Constraint classes
------------------

**Base interface**:

.. code:: cpp

  class IConstraint {
      virtual Error validateKnobSetting(const KnobSetting& setting) const = 0;
      virtual std::string toString() const = 0;
  };

**Implementations**:

- ``IntConstraint(int64_t minValue, int64_t maxValue, int64_t step, std::unordered_set<int64_t> validValues)``
- ``FloatConstraint(double minValue, double maxValue)``
- ``StringConstraint(int32_t maxLength, std::unordered_set<std::string> validValues)``
- ``EmptyConstraint()``: No constraints

Type definitions
----------------

.. code:: cpp

  using KnobValueVariant = std::variant<int64_t, double, std::string>;
  typedef std::string KnobType_t;

  enum class KnobValueType {
      NOT_SET = 0,
      INT64 = 1,
      FLOAT64 = 2,
      STRING = 3,
  };

> Best practices

Reviewer: This section should be kept here though, but if there is an intuitive way to link it from the API Reference section, that would be helpful to readers too.
